Drone CI template (#566)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

                 only:
                   - main
    `}</code></pre>

### Drone

To automate code deploys to a Deployment using a Docker-based [Drone CI](https://www.drone.io/) pipeline, complete the following setup in a Git-based repository that hosts an Astro project.

#### Prerequisites

This pipeline configuration requires:

- A functional Drone [server](https://docs.drone.io/server/overview/) and [Docker runner](https://docs.drone.io/runner/docker/overview/).

> - Admin privileges within your Drone server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user with admin privileges to your Drone server.
```

> 1. Set the following environment variables as repository-level [secrets](https://docs.drone.io/secret/repository/) in your Drone server:
> 
>     - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-key-id>`
>     - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-key-secret>`
>     - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-astro-deployment-id>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the following environment variables as repository-level [secrets](https://docs.drone.io/secret/repository/) on Drone:

    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-key-id>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-key-secret>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-astro-deployment-id>`
```

@jwitz Is this just in the Drone UI? Is "Drone Server" the main place where a user does these configs? I know they're _reflected_ there of course, but wondering if there's a UI analog we can refer to here

Author: The Drone server is basically drone itself, but I don't see a problem in being more general like in your suggestion - especially since we link out to Drone docs

> 2. In your Drone server, open your Astro project repository and go to **Settings** > **General**. Under **Project Settings**, turn on the **Trusted** setting.

Reviewer: Would be great to have screenshot but that's ok :)

Author: Third party product screenshots in our own docs 🙅 🙅 🙅 might be one for the style guide tbh

    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-key-id>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-key-secret>`
    - `ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-astro-deployment-id>`

2. In your Drone server, open your Astro project repository and go to **Settings** > **General**. Under **Project Settings**, turn on the **Trusted** setting.

3. In the top level of your Git repository, create a file called `.drone.yml` that includes the following configuration:

    <pre><code parentName="pre">{`---
    kind: pipeline
    type: docker
    name: deploy

    steps:
      - name: install
        image: debian
        commands:
        - apt-get update
        - apt-get -y install curl
        - curl https://goreleaserdev.blob.core.windows.net/goreleaser-test-container/releases/v${siteVariables.cliVersion}/cloud-cli_${siteVariables.cliVersion}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz -o astrocloudcli.tar.gz
        - tar xzf astrocloudcli.tar.gz        
      - name: wait
        image: docker:dind
        volumes:
        - name: dockersock
          path: /var/run
        commands:
        - sleep 5

>         - docker ps

Author: ```suggestion
```
